Welcome home Miss 6 Welcome home Miss 6
Yanyan, this will be your home from now on
Mom will take you in and have a look.
Grandpa, this is your room
Mom specially found it for you
Do you like it?
Mom says girls like pink.
So I specially arranged some princesses for you
It's okay if you don't like it.
Mom also prepared a few other pieces for you.
Styled by you
Go see something else, no need
Mom, this one is fine.
Just like it.
Mom has a surprise for you
I'll show you
little sister
These are my parents and our age
Principle Yanyan
I'm sorry we didn't grow up with you
We can celebrate these 22 birthdays
Abandoned for you
Hope you like it.
Because your parents missed your growth
It can only be made up in this way.
I hope you don't doubt your parents.